to princess Mia Mia Thermopolis has
everything a girl could ever want I'm
glad you like it except the one thing
she's always dreamed of I'm ready for a
romantic fairytale life but destiny is
going to give her a push in the right
direction 30 days she forfeits the
throne of Genovia to young Lord
Devereaux said shut up
huh now a girl who's never been lucky in
love will lose her family's claim to the
throne unless she can do the impossible
why don't we find out what kind of
candidates are out there too old too
young Prince William I absolutely accept
it's not eligible I just love to look at
him me too
then the director a pretty woman and
runaway bride you're gonna be gorgeous
ed you big genovian wedding comes a
story about discovering who you really
are
I look like a moose but a very cute
moose make all the boy Musco finding out
what you really want
do I want to know I don't think so and
deciding what it takes to make your
dreams come true
sorry Walt Disney Pictures presents and
Hathaway Julie Andrews The Princess
Diaries - royal engagement is she really
going to do this
[Music]